Content changes to the DocCDocumentation Catalog (#742)
apple/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/documenting-a-swift-framework-or-package.md

> Important: To use a documentation catalog in a Swift package, make sure the 
manifest's Swift tools version is set to `5.5` or later. 

> ## Building, Publishing, and Previewing Documentation with the DocC-Plugin

Author: @chuckdude The term "Plugin" here refers to the package available at [Swift-DocC Plugin](https://github.com/apple/swift-docc/pull/742#swift-docc-plugin). Do you still think it should be changed?

The preferred way of building documentation for your Swift package is by using

> the Swift-DocC Plugin. Refer to instructions in the plugin's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Swift-DocC Plug-in. Refer to instructions in the plug-in's 
```

Does the first instance of "Plug-in" need to be initial-capped? If not, recommend making that lowercase.

Author: @chuckdude I would opt to retain the initial capitalization because it's the package's name

[documentation](https://apple.github.io/swift-docc-plugin/documentation/swiftdoccplugin/)
to get started with [building](https://apple.github.io/swift-docc-plugin/documentation/swiftdoccplugin/generating-documentation-for-a-specific-target), [previewing](https://apple.github.io/swift-docc-plugin/documentation/swiftdoccplugin/previewing-documentation),
and publishing your documentation to your [website](https://apple.github.io/swift-docc-plugin/documentation/swiftdoccplugin/generating-documentation-for-hosting-online) or [GitHub Pages](https://apple.github.io/swift-docc-plugin/documentation/swiftdoccplugin/publishing-to-github-pages).

> You can also use the DocC command-line interface as explained in <doc:distributing-documentation-to-other-developers>.

Author: Resolved in https://github.com/apple/swift-docc/pull/742/commits/2e64258bcfa7eff3e8272bf1c2075245b5f4d9c5
